0. make -f 0-Makefile [0-Makefile] >> First Makefile with the name of the executable as 'school' and the rule as 'all', which builds the executable with no variables.
1. make -f 1-Makefile [1-Makefile] >> Makefile with the name of the executable as 'school' and the rule as 'all', which builds the executable with variables 'CC' (the compiler to be used), and 'SRC' (the '.c' files).
2. make -f 2-Makefile [2-Makefile] >> First useful Makefile with the name of the executable as 'school' and the rule as 'all', which builds the executable with variables 'CC' (the compiler to be used), 'SRC' (the '.c' files), 'OBJ' (the '.o' files), and 'NAME' (the name of the executable). The 'all' rule recompiles only the updated source files.
3. make -f 3-Makefile [3-Makefile] >> Makefile with the name of the executable as 'school' and the rules as 'all' (which builds the executable), 'clean' (which deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files along with the executable), 'oclean' (which deletes the object files), 'fclean' (which deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files, the executable, and the object files), and 're' (which forces recompilation of all source files). The variables are 'CC' (the compiler to be used), 'SRC' (the '.c' files), 'OBJ' (the '.o' files), 'NAME' (the name of the executable), and 'RM' (the program to delete files). The 'all' rule recompiles only the updated source files, and the rest of the rules should NEVER fail.
4. A complete Makefile [4-Makefile] >> Makefile with the name of the executable as 'school' and the rules as 'all' (which builds the executable), 'clean' (which deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files along with the executable), 'oclean' (which deletes the object files), 'fclean' (which deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files, the executable, and the object files), and 're' (which forces recompilation of all source files). The variables are 'CC' (the compiler to be used), 'SRC' (the '.c' files), 'OBJ' (the '.o' files), 'NAME' (the name of the executable), 'RM' (the program to delete files), and 'CFLAGS' (compiler flags; '-Wall', '-Werror', '-Wextra', and '-pedantic'). The 'all' rule recompiles only the updated source files, and the rest of the rules should NEVER fail.
5. Island Perimeter [5-island_perimeter.py] (T.I.P) >> Function 'def island_perimeter(grid):' that returns the perimeter of the island described in 'grid'.
	> 'grid'  is a list of list of integers:
		>> 0 represents a water zone
		>> 1 represents a land zone
		>> One cell is a square with side length 1
		>> Grid cells are connected horizontally/vertically (not diagonally)
		>> Grid is rectangular, width and height don’t exceed 100
>> Grid is completely surrounded by water, and there is one island (or nothing). The island doesn’t have “lakes" (water inside that isn’t connected to the water around the island).
6. make -f 100-Makefile [100-Makefile] >> Makefile with the name of the executable as 'school' and the rules as 'all' (which builds the executable), 'clean' (which deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files along with the executable), 'oclean' (which deletes the object files), 'fclean' (which deletes all Emacs and Vim temporary files, the executable, and the object files), and 're' (which forces recompilation of all source files). The variables are 'CC' (the compiler to be used), 'SRC' (the '.c' files), 'OBJ' (the '.o' files), 'NAME' (the name of the executable), 'RM' (the program to delete files), and 'CFLAGS' (compiler flags; '-Wall', '-Werror', '-Wextra', and '-pedantic'). The 'all' rule recompiles only the updated source files, and the rest of the rules should NEVER fail. Does NOT compile if the header file is 'm.h' missing.
